Hey everybody. It's Jimmy again, with bright insight today,
I'm gonna talk with you about the pyramids of Egypt and how literally what we
were taught in school and what is still actively being taught in public
schools. And at the university level is completely inaccurate. For example,
the great pyramid of Giza has to 2 million,
300,000 stone blocks. And by the way, that's just an estimate.
I've heard estimates as much as 2.6 million,
but these blocks range anywhere from two to 80 tons, eight zero,
do the math on that. Guys, we're talking 160,000 pounds stone blocks or,
or as little as 4,000 pounds, of course,
and these stone blocks are made from granite limestone and bass salt,
a combination of it.
And they originate from the Aswan and elephantine island quarries,
which are located literally 500 miles away.
Now I there's many theories on how they were able to transport.
These have stone blocks from such an extreme distance,
but that's something we'll cover in another video because I have some things
that are far more interesting to discuss that will make your heads absolutely
blown with this, with these facts that you probably have not heard before. Now,
these 2.3 million stone blocks are all various different sizes
and dimensions that they weren't just one offset. They were able to manufacture,
okay, this one is this size, or we're gonna make a million of these. No,
in fact,
they fit in and they have a very unique fitting for each individual block that
they're not just stacked on top of each other,
but they're intertwined to create an incredible force of stability and
interlocking connectiveness. Now the great pyramid of GI of sits on 13 acres.
It's nearly 500 feet tall,
and each of its bases is more than 750 feet long.
Interesting fact that you probably haven't heard before is that the ratio of the
pyramids height to its circumference at,
at its base is equal to the value of pie. 3.14,
just a coincidence. Uh, I doubt it now,
something else that's very interesting is that if you were to take a 9,000
pound, uh,
pyramid stone and say that it's about three and a half feet by three and a half
feet, which IST uncommon to find it would take literally,
if you were to unload this, if, if, if men did this without machinery,
like they want us to believe like, you know, as a bunch of slaves do this,
if you were to have three people on each side and keep in mind,
we're talking a three and a half foot dimension,
but if you could fit three people on each side of three and a half feet,
which would be a tight squeeze,
each individual person would be lifting more than 900 pounds. Hmm.
That doesn't sound right. Does it? Here's another interesting fact.
If you could cut carve shape in place 10 stones a day,
it would take more than 664 years to make just
one pyramid. Guys. We're talking, moving these things, cutting and shaping them,
moving them over 500 miles. And by the way,
you have to place them precisely because the,
to make a pyramid requires extremely advanced mathematical formulas and
equations. Because if you don't place them precisely,
by the time you get to the top, you don't have a pyramid,
you have a cork screw shaped mess, and you're completely screwed.
Another interesting fact that many people are not aware of is that mainstream
Egyptian antiquities want you to believe that the,
the pyramids were utilized for tombs. That's what they were. They were tombs.
However, they never found tombs inside the pyramids. Yeah, look it up.
But what's more interesting is the fact that the amazing,
the absolutely amazing QIC capabilities that are within the pyramids within the
galleries and the various like Queens chamber, for example,
like literally YouTube,
this the QIC are so unbelievably impressive that there's no way that this was an
accident. Look it up. Now here's a big question.
Why would anyone go to such an incredible task of building even just one
pyramid? Like, could we even do this today? Well, okay. Yeah. People say yes,
sure. We could, but what would it take? How much money would that project cost?
Not only would it be the most expensive and most elaborate project ever
constructed, but in, in modern times.
But I could say that no one could afford to do it because it would cost an
untold amount of billions of dollars.
It would require an unbelievable amount of manpower and effort.
A what, what union are they gonna hire to get this done? Like literally, if you,
if it takes four years to build a modern baseball stadium,
like what do you think it takes to make a pyramid?
And when you look at these pictures, guys,
the precision that's necessary to form these pyramids and do what they did or to
even have the internal chambers constructed within the pyramids and the shapes
in the stones to interlock the way they do requires such unbelievable precision
and accuracy, that it is mind numbing and to be able to construct and,
and make this thing happen today. Well, it it's kind of farfetched in many,
many ways. Now,
another interesting fact is the alignment of true north with the great pyramid
and that it's within an of three sixtieths of a degree of error of being
perfectly aligned to true north. Now,
we do know that because of the procession of the earth and it's tilt, uh,
over time, that true north does change. We know this.
So what's interesting is that it must have been at one point aligned perfectly
to true north seeing is how accurate it is today. That's pretty amazing guys.
What, what we were told about ancient civilization is far,
far more complicated than what we ever imagined,
and that they had to have some sort of advanced technology or,
or machinery in order to construct the pyramid.
And the evidence is all over the place. Anyways, guys, I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight like, and subscribe.
I have many more videos for you to enjoy and, and have many more coming,
be blessed, all.